After receiving Japan's request, America's
number one hero, Star and Stripe,
made an urgent visit to Japan.
Tomura Shigaraki launched a violent
attack on her when she arrived.
Star used her Quirk, New Order, which
could change the rules of the world,
and even though she was
able to corner Shigaraki,
she ended up being narrowly defeated.
But we found out that Star used
the last embers of her life
to deal serious damage
to Shigaraki's Quirks.
Shigaraki won't be able to
move for at least a week.
It's Star and Stripe's final
gift to us--an extension.
In order for you to protect yourselves
and those you want to protect,
you need to use this extension
to get as strong as you can.
It's all right, Other Me.
It's all right. The factors are
just mixed up and out of order.
With time, you'll be able
to use your Quirks again.
I'll kill you...
I hate you.
As long as someone remembers
the face of All Might,
this frustration won't go away!
Our consciousnesses are combining...
I can feel it...
His intense anger.
I'm sharing in Tomura's resentment.
It's all right. This is excellent.
Even though we didn't get New Order,
you could say that we cleared
away our greatest obstacle.
Take it easy!
It's not good to cling to a
single blueprint, anyway.
Sorry to say this after
having you get ready,
but please wait a little longer.
No way. I can't take it anymore.
My old man's flying energetically
in the sky today, too.
I can't stand it.
Toya, you and I are similar, but
there's one difference between us--
Huh?
Listen close.
Someone like me makes many, many
routes for a single goal.
More precisely, I make just-in-case routes
many years, even decades in advance,
and sift through the best paths
in order to reach my goal.
That's right.
There is an infinite number of routes.
My completed body will take more time,
and Ikuzu Midoriya has returned to U.A.,
but unlike you, Toya...
I have many friends.
Villain
Birds!
Here I go!
Black Abyss!
Come on!
Octoblow!
Twirling Tail Dance!
Chargebolt!
Here I go!
Take that and that and that and that!
One more time!
Froppy!
Uravity!
Meteor...
...Fafrotskies!
Blackwhip!
Come on!
Got him!
Take that!
It's the "store it up and fire"
I learned at Endeavor's.
And it's not just one blast.
I make them into balls of sweat
and blow them up all at once.
That's my new Cluster.
Starting now, I'm going to
level up all my moves.
It takes time to heat up my body, though.
Oh, so that's why you're
wearing your winter outfit.
It's so hot it eats up my stamina, though,
so I have to choose one or the other.
Todoroki also seems like he's
different from before, too.
I'm just starting to get the hang of it,
but I think my control of my left side is
getting close to that of my right side.
So I can make a body that
can withstand Dabi's fire.
Right and left, my body is one.
All Might said it'd be an
all-out war, but you know...
Hm?
Aren't the villains' two
bosses weakened right now?
We've captured Gigantomachia and
kept him asleep, too, right?
So once we find their two bosses,
don't you think we could take 'em?
There are three things you
aren't thinking about.
What? Three?
First, we probably can't find them.
Up until now, even though
we found the Nomu hangar,
Shigaraki's hideout, and the research lab,
ever since All Might defeated him,
we've never once found All For One.
He's the best in the world
at running away and hiding.
That ol' nutsack.
I don't want to hear about nuts.
Second--
The Shigaraki we fought last
time was incomplete, right?
Considering how many people
we've lost since then,
it's tough to say if we're
even a match for them now.
Yeah.
And third,
their side can decide when we start.
The Quirk stolen from Ragdoll,
Search, which can find even faraway Quirks--
Even if that Quirk was lost
during his fight with America,
going second likely means we're done for.
That's probably why we're desperately
throwing people at the problem now.
That's why, at least for the first move...
In order to lead Shigaraki and the others
to where we want them, I need to hurry--
You mean, "WE," right?
Yeah, Midoriya!
Yeah.
Oh, speaking of which--
It's okay to walk around, right?
It should be fine for a bit.
Thanks to Uraraka's speech,
interactions between the hero course and
the evacuees have gotten better, too.
Embarrassed
In the end, no matter how much
we corner him, All For One...
...keeps laughing.
Ever since Gunga and Jaku,
he's seemed down.
That's true of everyone, but...
You have no choice but to do it.
We've gotten more instructions
from that man.
Don't worry.
The messages are encoded as usual to look
like normal messages between civilians
in case they're intercepted.
And this is a blind spot the surveillance
cameras can't see, right?
It's fine.
Even after Midoriya came back,
I was worried because you didn't smile...
Everything's worked according to
what All For One said until Camino!
If you don't do this, we'll be killed!
Yuga...!
You were able to do what he asked right
after you started school, right?
And at the training camp, you let us know
where you were without anyone finding out!
The villains who showed
up suddenly at USJ...
And during the training camp in the woods,
villains came even though they
kept the location a secret...
Don't tell me...
We've never done this because we wanted to!
But, it's too late now...
It's much too late!
Maman... Papa...
But I...
No, this can't be true.
No way! Aoyama... Aoyama was...
We just wanted you to be happy.
Yuga, do you want to be like everyone else?
Yes. I mean, it's very
scary to be different.
You were born without a Quirk, so in
order to keep you from being excluded...
So you could follow your
dreams like everyone else...
That's all we wanted for you.
If I had known that this would happen,
I wouldn't have done it! Definitely not.
I wouldn't have taken a
Quirk from All For One.
But now that we're...
involved with All For One...
we can't run away from him!
Someone...
A teacher! Someone!
It was... so hard...
I always acted in a way to
keep from getting caught.
I would've been crushed by the guilt,
so I always forced myself to be tough.
When All For One was caught at Camino,
I mistakenly thought...
I could be the same as everyone else...
Oh, Yuga!
Please forgive us.
Please forgive us for our foolishness.
I want to protect you two!
I don't want you to die!
Yuga, please...
Help us...
Yuga!
Um... I, uh, heard from Hagakure...
that the spy...
What are you talking about?
This must all be a huge misunderstanding!
Midoriya...
Back then, I was the only one
who couldn't say anything...
While everyone else in our
class called out to you...
When everyone was desperately
reaching out to you...
Back then, I was the only one...
Aoyama, I--
Stop.
"My power is a special power that
I received from All Might"...
You were...
I always wanted to be an equal...
I--
I thought something was wrong since you
were the only one who still looked sad,
so I came to look for you.
Yes, I was the only one...
At USJ and the training camp...
Yuga!
I led them to us.
Midoriya, I...
am a terrible villain.
Yuga Aoyama
Izuku Midoriya
...unlike you, Toya...
I have many friends.
Friends, huh?
Won't it be bad for us
if they're found out?
That won't happen.
If a 100-yen lighter stops
working, what do you do?
If they succeed, I'm happy.
But if it doesn't work,
I'll just be disappointed and
think, "Oh, that didn't work,"
and move on to my next route.
They're nothing more than disposable tools.
If they let me have a bit
of fun, that's great.
Yuga!
Run!
Wait!
Maman and Papa were both dismayed
that I was Quirkless.
The two of them were wealthy,
and were raised without want for anything.
I'm sure they were more worried about
me being different than I was.
So they were probably desperately
wishing for my happiness
when they followed rumors of someone
who could give Quirks freely.
Gurgle
The Quirk I received wasn't a good
fit for my body, so it was hard.
Surprise!
Maman and Papa went through
a lot in order to raise me.
Because I was very afraid
of being different.
My dream, which started
from a desire to conform,
is to one day do what Maman
and Papa did for me...
There's a rumor that All Might
is going to be a teacher.
Put him in U.A.
For others...
Tell me when the class is unsupervised.
To make people happy...
Tell me where the training
camp is being held.
For everyone's sake, I--
Once Izuku Midoriya's back at U.A.,
lure him out so he's alone.
When I found out that you were
Quirkless like me from that letter,
I...
...despaired...
Stop that, Aoyama!
...about everything!
Navel...
One For All...
...Laser!
My body refracts light.
We all could've died.
All of Japan is in trouble.
What were you thinking
when you were in class?!
At the dorms! When you were
living with all of us!
Well, Aoyama?
It's not like that!
Yuga's not--
Aoyama...
Hagakure made it so you don't
have to hurt others anymore.
So, stop this.
Stop doing this already...
I see.
So he received a Quirk from All For
One and was then controlled by him.
He must have received the
Quirk about ten years ago.
The fact that he's fine right now
means that there wasn't anything
like what Nagant had that would trigger
an explosion if he betrayed All For One.
We can say conclusively now--
U.A.'s Great Failure
There's a traitor among us, isn't there?
I can't believe it was a student.
If possible, I'd like you kids to leave...
Like we could do that.
It doesn't make sense.
If Hagakure hadn't found you,
what would you have done?
Aoyama...
Aoyama! Say it isn't true!
You were tricked, weren't you?
You weren't doing it on purpose, were you?
To think that you were also
formerly Quirkless...
It's a small world.
Unfortunately, we're still trying
to restore a state of order.
Tell us everything you
know about All For One.
We don't know anything.
We just acted when we were told.
If we failed, we would be killed.
If we lied, we would be killed.
How?
We were shown...
what happened to those who did it...
Those who ran to the police...
were killed after they left.
They couldn't escape.
No matter where they went,
he would find them.
Death would find them no matter what.
Yuga didn't know what would
happen if we did what he said.
We just told him not to
be found out by anyone.
We are the ones at fault.
What were you thinking
when you were in class?!
With the people I could've killed...
I smiled and laughed like we were friends.
I couldn't help it.
Finding out that he used
to be Quirkless like me,
and that he bore the pressure of
fighting against All For One,
I despaired at how miserable I was.
And I despaired at myself,
who despaired before worrying about
whether or not he was okay.
I'm rotten to the core...
Yuga Aoyama is a villain
through and through.
Then why did you try to save Kacchan
and Tokoyami at the training camp?
Did you leave the cheese that night
I know
because All For One told you to?
If you only face painful things,
then you won't be able to twinkle!
That's not it, is it?
That was an S.O.S. from you
that I didn't notice...
I mean...
You're crying right now without
a thought for decorum
not because you care that you couldn't do
what All For One told you to do, right?
I know a hero who didn't
give All For One everything
even when he was using her.
It was just that her spirit was crushed.
Young Midoriya...
Just because you commit a crime
doesn't make you a villain for life!
Take my hand, Aoyama.
That's it, Deku!
Because you can still be a hero!
Wait, Midoriya.
Sansa, gag Aoyama. He's still in custody.
He can't take your hand.
No matter the situation, it won't erase
the fact that he helped All For One.
Besides, we can only assume that he's
safe based on the current situation,
but we can't say for sure that what
happened to Nagant won't happen to him.
We shouldn't let him speak anymore until
we get the results from Central Hospital.
Mr. and Mrs. Aoyama,
why didn't you report that we
were going to attack Camino?
We cannot contact him ourselves.
Only when he wants to contact us
are we provided with contact information,
which changes each time.
So we wouldn't be able to use you to
get to him if you were caught, huh?
Then--
Detective Tsukauchi--
All For One is nowhere to be found.
That's one way of looking at
our current situation, right?
...going second likely
means we're done for.
That's probably why we're desperately
throwing people at the problem now.
That's why, at least...
At least for the first move, we can make
Shigaraki and the others move the way we want!
I see!
If we look at it differently,
the current situation is that Aoyama
is the only one who may be
able to trick All For One!
Aoyama, I'll say it one more time.
You can still be a hero!
Preview
Here's the preview!
I know.
Heroes don't have to give
All For One everything
even when he is using them.
In a heart dyed in darkness,
there can still be light.
Even if you're defeated,
you can stand up again.
Next time, "The Story of
How We All Became Heroes."
Aoyama, we're not alone.
Next time: The Story of How We All Became Heroes
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!